⚡️(datasource) fix demonstration courses datetimes (#53)
openfun/potsie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Fix demo date courses according to the current date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `edxapp` fixture courses dates according to the current date
```
